hello world of the sun in the eye will be so
talk or charge continue
practically found by freeride 2 series
we are with you here and who forgot
last time talked about the minimum
equipment that is needed for when they
we are not talking about skiing today
besides, let's go run just dove
in Europe as they say, I just
tell you what are in two lines
globally without going into details well
In principle, it is interesting further on the site to her husband
to them this topic means well first first
the very first eat you really
gathered to go to his freeride needs
collects my skis
but there is such a situation but why so
because but completely different
lagged behind in fact again
talk we talk about normal free
for the sake of combat patsansky they are there three meters
slope here we are talking about normal
of the company
we are talking about what we will learn
okay skate basically of course
powerful corfu skiing on downhill skiing
it is quite possible u have to talk about
that its impossible impossible not by this
liabilities can be on the salon skis
Basically the question how to ride a much
it will be correct in terms of
technology as far as it will bring you
pleasure as you understand something
will understand how to how to you
what points what places on them
be able to go in full say
yes very limited answer refuse then
There is a kind of collected to engage in but this is something
same as i wanna walk nice
let the track buy a universal beam well
meaning like an idiot so waffles right
with very strongly you
I recommend immediately buy normal
proton immediately buy on the growth immediately
buy with progress immediately buy on
the future is not necessary to think that there I am
I buy and long only a meter 90
it will be hard for them you will not be for them
well that's right for them you will
ok now let's see what
still freeride skiing I share them
into three global groups
the first group is the so -called olya
freeride carving and skiing
they are often called freeride wagons
This skis have become from 100 and with obvious
carving geometry that is wide
nose constriction rolled out of the extension on
backdrop ah usually these skis
soft enough they very much allow
good ride longitudinal
snow cutting
give a very good reaction in turn
very easy to make them sure
turns but lose they lose
they are in principle in lateral ascend and
lateral slippage about the game then they
on the trails
really but how to start on
The initial stage in my opinion is
optimal solution because some
easy solutions they allow to achieve
get some definite clear
reactions you
understand you will feel on them
surely they allow you to commit
serious mistakes which
the following categories are no longer better
allow you to commit
the next ski category is this
draw an analogy with ms carving skis
for slopes this is what i would say
the giant ski category is skiing already with
smaller geometry less clearly visible
a little bit wider three geometries
such a wide waist and already harder
the harder they are needed for more
aggressive skating for probably more
speed skating
so they are actually harder they give
good excellent reactions on the longitudinal and
cross- mix and because they are wider
they allow you to ride more aggressively
they allow more crap on corpses
work out better naturally drops from
cons because the party is still like
chic skis with minuses they are more hard
managed they require skill skills
already
they are more like let's say so heavy here
in sensations until they are more such
sullen yes and the third category of skis
This here is gigantic to chigorin quite still
Hardy has a bathroom that is even more
hard skis are even more direct skis
but this is quite such an aggression in pros
who's here wet in a straight line there through
all the stones that is it you do
focused on speed skating on
drop and this is the world freeride championship
This downhill such skis of course you
consider not and generally think about
They do not need you in fact me too on
I don't like these skis as if they are
very sullen and they are very heavy they
very yes they have their advantages on them
wet in general is certainly gorgeous but but in
Generally it is not for the tourist map no
the sport you lowered as now
choose size and width choose
not even very important
the length of the skis is not there not the width of the total area
sliding surface up
for heavier people there is such
connection with weight to gain by the way
none of our former has yet
for heavier people need to take skis
wider and winked at more area
surfaces for lighter smaller
naturally yes because well how would
meaning no ski freeride we have
the ratio of length and width I would I
call like
elongation of the ski track is you very
wide but very short these skis are very
maneuverable allow you to drive on very
low speed getting good
cross laugh that is technically but
very good at driving fast in any way
would be a speed ride that is it for
some narrow moments of narrow
spaces long skis may already be
narrower
I already call there somewhere waist 100 all
that will give but in general, as it were not interested
here is waist 100 115 is it possible to pass
such medium widths and skies freeride and
that's if you take them with a man weighs
90 kilograms only better to take the length
and there are 180 and more I advise you even to take
190 in the area so 190 and considered 115
if steel from 120 can be taken shorter
can go along the length
women, in principle, can take the same
you are like men but a little shorter when
Do not try to shorten them
there is believe in my opinion here
optimal patina with there skating which
we all have access to this without a helicopter
without any travel
the best combination for women in my
the look is 170-180 sacrifice 175-180 53
waist from 100 to 115 110 beautiful skis
then choose how you like yours
glance first category or 2 if
choose to progress much already
know exactly what you want then take better
certainly more straight skis tougher
and cut and how to get simple
decisions results take more
carving mines for width with narrow
hoist
that's basically everything but remember any
case of not trying to give birth to free
on from racial skiing it will only spoil
you feeling will break you the whole picture and
most likely you will have the wrong just
view free radio is that such
freeride about how anything from korea
we can all you do not even like everything
the next series is already going to type and
we start to take almost not to
skip subscribe set like this
bye everyone
I, too, for that's where